Email:
  hugheszachary109@gmail.com

Which of the following are considered to be truthy values? *
  The number five (5)
  
Which of the following are considered to be falsy values? *
  An empty string ("")
  null
  undefined
  The number zero (0)
  NaN
  
If you were to type the expression 123 > 321 into the console of your web browser, and press enter, what would be the resulting value? *
  false

Given the code from image 1, what will the value of action be when the value of dice is 247? *
  Move forward two spaces.
  
If running the code from image 2, what starting value will cause the value of lightIsOn to be true? *
  Any falsy value
  
Consider the code from both image 2 and image 3.  Assuming lightIsOn is always a boolean value, what would be the difference between running these two snippets of code? *
  What sorcery is this?
  
Given the code from image 3, which of the following values for cash will result in the foodOrder being chicken nuggets? *
  10
  
Is the code from Image 5 valid? *
  	Yes, but nesting conditional statements should be avoided when possible.
    
1) What is the conditional operator called that is demonstrated by the code in image 6?
2) If the value of fuelLevel is 7, what will be the value of destination? *
  1) Ternary 2) home
  
If you need to quickly repeat a code sequence 10 times, which of the following would best help you accomplish that? *
  a loop
  
How many types of loops are available to use in JavaScript? *
  6

Which of the following is not valid type of loop?
  for...with
  
Study the code in image 7.  How many times will this loop iterate? *
  	None. i is initialized at 0 but the condition requires that i must be greater than 100.
 
Consider the code from image 8.  If the starting value of i is 11, how many times will the loop run? *
    6
    
What type of loop is usually the best for iterating the elements in an array? *
  for...of

Consider the code from image 9.  What does the continue keyword do? *
  It skips to the start of the next iteration of the loop.
  
Consider the code from image 9.  What does the break keyword do? *
  It exits the loop.

Consider the code from image 9.  What will be the final value of luckySum? *
  13
  
What is wrong with the loop code in image 10? *
  It creates an infinite loop. Infinite loops are bad!
 
